Adds Embedded Cluster lab (#346)
replicatedhq/replicated-field-labs: instruqt/delivering-as-an-appliance/05-downloading-and-installing/assignment.md

4. **Airgap Download Enabled** Allows the customer to download the air-gapped
   version of the Embedded Cluster installer.
2. **Support Bundle Upload Enabled** Configures their license to allow
   uploading support bundles directly from the Admin Console for an online
   installation.
2. **Allow Snapshot** Includes components for application-level [backup and
   restore](https://docs.replicated.com/vendor/snapshots-overview).
2. **Embeded Cluster Enabled** Allows the customer to download the Embedded
   Cluster installer and install an Embedded Cluster instance.
4. **Allow Disaster Recovery** Provides disaster recovery functionality for
   the Embedded Cluster.

We don't need all of these options for this lab. We'll just enable the two
that we require: "KOTS Install Enabled" and "Embedded Cluster Enabled". Scroll
down to "License options" make sure both are active. You'll need to enable
KOTS first.

![Setting license options for the Embedded Cluster](../assets/embedded-cluster-license-options.png)

Once you've enabled the options, click "Save changes" and scroll back to the
top of the page. You may have noticed a button that said "Helm Install

> Instructions" ealier. It's now change to a menu for "Install instructions".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions" earlier. It's now changed to a menu for "Install instructions".
```

enter the download command from the vendor portal.

```bash
curl -f https://replicated.app/embedded/[[ Instruqt-Var key="REPLICATED_APP" hostname="node" ]]/stable \
    -H "Authorization: [[ Instruqt-Var key="LICENSE_ID" hostname="node" ]]" \
    -o [[ Instruqt-Var key="REPLICATED_APP" hostname="node" ]]-stable.tgz
```

This will download a tarball including the installer binary and the license
file for Nitflex. Extract the tarball to access the installer.

```bash
tar -xzvf [[ Instruqt-Var key="REPLICATED_APP" hostname="node" ]]-stable.tgz
```

Then run the installer:

```bash
sudo ./[[ Instruqt-Var key="REPLICATED_APP" hostname="node" ]] install --license license.yaml
```

The installer will prompt you for a password for the Admin Console. You can
enter any password you'd like, but you'll need to remember it when you log in
later. You can copy/paste the password below if you aren't feeling inspired.

```
[[ Instruqt-Var key="ADMIN_CONSOLE_PASSWORD" hostname="node" ]]
```

The installer starts by converting the machine you're running on into a single
node Kubernetes cluster. It will then install several components that support

> Embedded Cluster operation, including the Admin Console that you'll use for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embedded Cluster operation, including the Admin Console that you'll use
```

> to complete the installation. You'll see a message and a spinner as each step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to configure and install the application. You'll see a message and a spinner as each step
```
^ uses the same "configure and install" language that is used in the output of the EC install command
